Global Notes:
1. No Profanity Filters (idk if this is important)(e.g. I can put orgy as the event)

BRANCH DASHBOARD - - - 

1. Registration - Proper email verification not yet implemented (either through code or other methods)

2. Registration - No "view password" when typing in password to check for the spelling and for confirming password

3. Registration - Change font (remove the cursive stuff and use the font used for titles like in the main menu "SERVICES" etc.)

4. Login - overlay position, should be close to log in button, also it is not sticky. Font needs to be changed like in registration.

5. Login - After logging in, directly clicking on back button in browser moves you back to "logging in". *refer to image 1

6. Dashboard - Everything is fucked period. *refer to image 2
6.05 - No log out button
6.1 - Formatting, Layout, Fonts
6.2 - Clicking on Jazz Events icon leads to logged out version of website ✅
6.3 - Adding new task popup layout is not good
6.4 - Adding new task popup has no restrictions (e.g. location and date can be anything)
6.5 - Adding new event layout is dogshit

BRANCH BOOKING - - - 

 ̶1̶.̶ ̶G̶e̶t̶ ̶a̶ ̶q̶o̶u̶t̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶s̶t̶i̶l̶l̶ ̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ ̶(̶i̶d̶k̶ ̶i̶f̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶i̶m̶p̶o̶r̶t̶a̶n̶t̶)̶

2. Type of Event - Maybe add a dropdown for the Type of event with "others"

3.  Event Dates - we should have restrictions (e.g. I can put 19999999 as the date)
3.1 Event Dates - should add limits to how long an event can be set (e.g. from may 1 to may 31 can be selected)

4. Estimated number of guests - should have a minimum and maximum limit (e.g. I can put "e' and negative numbers)

5. Venue Location - maybe we should have selections, right it's just whatever you want. also I thought we had a map (?)

6. Event Themed - Event Themed

7. Services Needed - Checkboxes may appear with scroll bars in some browsers *refer to image 3

8. Estimated Event Budget - Placeholder shouldn't be here. event budget is estimated by the system based on number of guests and services needed (insert some formula here)

9. Email address - confirm email address (retype email so customer makes sure they use the right email)

10. No Confirmation page for booking (bro there's a white screen that says "successfully saved to MySQL")

BRANCH MAIN - - - 

1. Booking - checkboxes are in a vertical format

2. Log in and dashboard - same complaints from other branch

3. This branch is the worst branch. (the get a quote is fixed tho - al)